Add `Skinners' Bulletin: August 2021` newspost (#6321)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2021-11-04-skinners-bulletin-august-2021.md

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/skinners-bulletin.png)

As for our August issue, we'll keep you informed about the skinning-related statistics and flamboyant skins to showcase as usual. Unfortunately, we had to omit the News & Tips section of our newspost for this issue due to the lack of noteworthy developments within the community. But no worries! In order to compensate, we're showcasing **4 exquisite skins** published in August, instead of the usual 3!  

That said, this issue of the Skinners' Bulletin will contain the following sections:

- [Monthly Statistics](#monthly-statistics)
- [Skin Showcase](#skin-showcase)

## Monthly Statistics

In August, the skinning forum has seen **39** skins being published, **20** of them consisting of unique components.

![Original/Mixed Graph](/wiki/shared/news/2021-11-04-skinners-bulletin-august-2021/graph-skins.png)

On the other hand, we've noticed that **33** skinners in total have made their contributions. Moreover, the newcomers take the majority with **22**, forging 2/3 of the whole pie. 

![New/Returning Graph](/wiki/shared/news/2021-11-04-skinners-bulletin-august-2021/graph-skinners.png)

> And finally, it is time to entertain ourselves with some data! In August, by publishing **2** skins each, **3** fellow skinners have been chalked off as the ones released multiple skins in a month. The total number of skins divided by the number of skinners has been **1.18** for August.

Reviewer: Either should work.
```suggestion
And finally, it is time to entertain ourselves with some data! In August, by publishing **2** skins each, **3** fellow skinners have been chalked off as the ones to release multiple skins in a month. The total number of skins divided by the number of skinners has been **1.18** for August.
```
```suggestion
And finally, it is time to entertain ourselves with some data! In August, by publishing **2** skins each, **3** fellow skinners have been chalked off as the ones who released multiple skins in a month. The total number of skins divided by the number of skinners has been **1.18** for August.
```

<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/2COogi0XYqY" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Tomioka Giyū

Splashing our bulletin like a tsunami, [Tomioka Giyū](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1405313), by the very hands of [Kim Minnie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3858685), goes further than just being an anime-themed skin by featuring an oil-painting-like look. Brushed into existence with delicacy, Giyū goes down the less-traveled path embracing a flashy and artsy theme, which is quite the opposite of the current minimalism trend.

> Before we get into the details on the song selection menu, we highly advise you to use your life vest in case of an emergency, as these deadly waves look like a health hazard! Putting aside the wavy design though, the inkblots appearing in many places, mainly on the buttons and whatnot, reinforce the artsiness to another level. On the background of the game mode selection screen, the fabulous graphic of Tomioka himself greets us with a pose wielding his katana fading into the azureness of the sea. As for the game modifiers, choose to entertain the portraits of the characters from the anime, where the respective mod is mentioned on the bottom-right corner.

Reviewer: Either should work:
```suggestion
Before we get into the details on the song selection menu, we highly advise you to use your life vest in case of an emergency, as these deadly waves look like a health hazard! Putting aside the wavy design though, the inkblots appearing in many places, mainly on the buttons and whatnot, reinforce the artsiness to another level. On the background of the game mode selection screen, the fabulous graphic of Tomioka himself greets us with a pose wielding his katana fading into the azureness of the sea. As for the game modifiers, they choose to entertain the portraits of the characters from the anime, where the respective mod is mentioned on the bottom-right corner.
```
```suggestion
Before we get into the details on the song selection menu, we highly advise you to use your life vest in case of an emergency, as these deadly waves look like a health hazard! Putting aside the wavy design though, the inkblots appearing in many places, mainly on the buttons and whatnot, reinforce the artsiness to another level. On the background of the game mode selection screen, the fabulous graphic of Tomioka himself greets us with a pose wielding his katana fading into the azureness of the sea. As for the game modifiers, chosen to entertain the portraits of the characters from the anime, their respective mod is mentioned on the bottom-right corner.
```

> Splashing our bulletin like a tsunami, [Tomioka Giyū](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1405313), by the very hands of [Kim Minnie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3858685), goes further than just being an anime-themed skin by featuring an oil-painting-like look. Brushed into existence with delicacy, Giyū goes down the less-traveled path embracing a flashy and artsy theme, which is quite the opposite of the current minimalism trend.
> 
> Before we get into the details on the song selection menu, we highly advise you to use your life vest in case of an emergency, as these deadly waves look like a health hazard! Putting aside the wavy design though, the inkblots appearing in many places, mainly on the buttons and whatnot, reinforce the artsiness to another level. On the background of the game mode selection screen, the fabulous graphic of Tomioka himself greets us with a pose wielding his katana fading into the azureness of the sea. As for the game modifiers, they choose to entertain the portraits of the characters from the anime, where the respective mod is mentioned on the bottom-right corner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Splashing our bulletin like a tsunami, [Tomioka Giyū](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1405313), by the very hands of [Kim Minnie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3858685), goes further than just being an anime-themed skin by featuring an oil-painting-like look. Brushed into existence with delicacy, Giyū goes down the less-traveled path embracing a flashy and artsy theme, which is quite the opposite of the current minimalism trend. But before we get into the details on the song selection menu, we highly advise you to use your life vest in case of an emergency, as these deadly waves look like a health hazard!

Putting the wavy design aside, the inkblots appearing in many places, mainly on the buttons and whatnot, reinforce the artsiness to another level. On the background of the game mode selection screen, a fabulous graphic of Tomioka himself greets us with a pose wielding his katana, fading into the azure sea. As for the game modifiers, they choose to entertain portraits of the characters from the anime, with the respective mods mentioned in the bottom-right corners.
```

> Another distinctive fragment of the skin appears on the gameplay interface, where the top-right of the screen gives out techno vibes, whilst the health bar sustains the artsy-craftsy theme of the main menu, forming a delightful mixture of futuristic nuances and the actual theme of the anime. Speaking of combinations, the fonts also possess such harmony as that, where we notice the handwritten texts assisted with stretched-out font beneath certain sections. For instance, the pause/fail screens exemplify this attribution very beautifully, in addition to the waves surrounding the menu options as well as the heroic posture of the Tomioka Giyū. In any case, grab a surfboard and never hesitate to leave yourself to the tides of Tomioka Giyū, but make sure to watch the showcase video beforehand so to see what is expecting you out there:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another distinctive fragment of the skin appears on the gameplay interface, where the top-right of the screen gives out techno vibes, whilst the health bar sustains the artsy-craftsy theme of the main menu, forming a delightful mixture of futuristic nuances and the actual theme of the anime. Speaking of combinations, the fonts also possess such harmony as that, where we notice the handwritten texts assisted with a stretched-out font beneath certain sections. For instance, the pause/fail screens exemplify this attribution very beautifully, in addition to the waves surrounding the menu options as well as the heroic posture of the Tomioka Giyū. In any case, grab a surfboard and never hesitate to leave yourself to the tides of Tomioka Giyū, but make sure to watch the showcase video beforehand so to see what is expecting you out there:
```

> Another distinctive fragment of the skin appears on the gameplay interface, where the top-right of the screen gives out techno vibes, whilst the health bar sustains the artsy-craftsy theme of the main menu, forming a delightful mixture of futuristic nuances and the actual theme of the anime. Speaking of combinations, the fonts also possess such harmony as that, where we notice the handwritten texts assisted with stretched-out font beneath certain sections. For instance, the pause/fail screens exemplify this attribution very beautifully, in addition to the waves surrounding the menu options as well as the heroic posture of the Tomioka Giyū. In any case, grab a surfboard and never hesitate to leave yourself to the tides of Tomioka Giyū, but make sure to watch the showcase video beforehand so to see what is expecting you out there:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another distinctive fragment of the skin appears on the gameplay interface, where the top-right of the screen gives out techno vibes, whilst the health bar sustains the artsy-craftsy theme of the main menu, forming a delightful mixture of futuristic nuances and the actual theme of the anime. Speaking of combinations, the fonts also possess such harmony as that, where we notice the handwritten texts assisted with stretched-out font beneath certain sections. For instance, the pause/fail screens exemplify this attribution very beautifully, in addition to the waves surrounding the menu options as well as the heroic posture of Tomioka Giyū. In any case, grab a surfboard and never hesitate to leave yourself to the tides of Tomioka Giyū, but make sure to watch the showcase video beforehand so to see what is expecting you out there:
```

> Another distinctive fragment of the skin appears on the gameplay interface, where the top-right of the screen gives out techno vibes, whilst the health bar sustains the artsy-craftsy theme of the main menu, forming a delightful mixture of futuristic nuances and the actual theme of the anime. Speaking of combinations, the fonts also possess such harmony as that, where we notice the handwritten texts assisted with stretched-out font beneath certain sections. For instance, the pause/fail screens exemplify this attribution very beautifully, in addition to the waves surrounding the menu options as well as the heroic posture of the Tomioka Giyū. In any case, grab a surfboard and never hesitate to leave yourself to the tides of Tomioka Giyū, but make sure to watch the showcase video beforehand so to see what is expecting you out there:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another distinctive fragment of the skin appears on the gameplay interface, where the top-right of the screen gives out techno vibes, whilst the health bar sustains the artsy-craftsy theme of the main menu, forming a delightful mixture of futuristic nuances and the actual theme of the anime. Speaking of combinations, the fonts also possess such harmony as that, where we notice the handwritten texts assisted with stretched-out font beneath certain sections. For instance, the pause/fail screens exemplify this attribution very beautifully, in addition to the waves surrounding the menu options as well as the heroic posture of the Tomioka Giyū. In any case, grab a surfboard and never hesitate to leave yourself to the tides of Tomioka Giyū, but make sure to watch the showcase video beforehand so as to see what is expecting you out there:
```

<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/l0L2Zroknso" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Kronii no Jikan

Here we are with another detail-oriented [thetasigma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6234482) classic: [Kronii no Jikan](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1406817)! Filled with clockworks from head to toe, the skin revolves around the popular vtuber Ouro Kronii, who is canonically known to be the Warden of Time. As much as thetasigma opted to create an anime-themed skin, there is another version that is entirely Kronii-free you can try. Nevertheless, both versions immediately give out the impression that the skin certainly deserves recognition.

> Embracing antiquity very well, Kronii no Jikan is dominated by golden yellow and navy blue, denoting an elegant look on the skin. We encounter a rare layout choice on the menu buttons listed on the bottom-left of the song selection menu, which looks utterly fantastic. The way game mode is selected denoted by highlighting its respective letter, the way a clockwork is preferred in place of the game modifier menu icon; every detail is noteworthy and shows us thetasigma's mastery once again. Another point reflecting the quality of the skin is, without a doubt, the flavour texts scattered everywhere, especially the one located beneath the `menu-back` button. Cool stuff!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Embracing antiquity very well, Kronii no Jikan is dominated by golden yellow and navy blue, denoting an elegant look on the skin. We encounter a rare layout choice on the menu buttons listed on the bottom-left of the song selection menu, which looks utterly fantastic. The way a game mode is selected denoted by highlighting its respective letter, the way a clockwork is preferred in place of the game modifier menu icon; every detail is noteworthy and shows us thetasigma's mastery once again. Another point reflecting the quality of the skin is, without a doubt, the flavour texts scattered everywhere, especially the one located beneath the `menu-back` button. Cool stuff!
```

Moving onto the gameplay interface, we see that every aspect of the main menu reflected beautifully here, too. However, this time gear wheels dominate the screen as if we are inside a typical clock. One of the most fabulous parts of the gameplay section is, without a doubt, the pause menu, where menu options surround a clockwork, and the fail menu, which is a cracked copy of the pause menu. Section pass/fail displays are another aspect of the skin dominated by gear wheels and Kronii herself, in addition to the skip button, which is centralized, making it look even more remarkable. In short, we highly recommend you take this lovely creation on a test ride! Thanks to the showcase video below, time constraints are no longer an issue:

<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/NvVeoYrZMUo" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

---

> That said, it is time to conclude this issue of our bulletin!

Reviewer 2: "that said" is used to contrast to what you've said right before

```suggestion
And with that, it is time to conclude this issue of our bulletin!
```

> We're sincerely sorry about the unexpected delay on our side; nonetheless, we're here and thrilled to bring you the loveliest skins of the month. Unfortunately, we regret to inform you that we will be publishing our bulletin on a seasonal basis from now on, meaning that the next issue of Skinners' Bulletin will be released in December. On the brighter side, we will be showcasing more stats, more skins, and of course, more news & tips, all of which will be compiled from the past three months.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're sincerely sorry about the unexpected delay on our side; nonetheless, we're here and thrilled to bring you the loveliest skins of the month. Unfortunately, we regret to inform you that we will be publishing our bulletin on a seasonal basis from now on, meaning that the next issue of Skinners' Bulletin will be released in December. On the bright side, we will be showcasing more stats, more skins, and of course, more news & tips, all of which will be compiled from the past three months.
```

> We're sincerely sorry about the unexpected delay on our side; nonetheless, we're here and thrilled to bring you the loveliest skins of the month. Unfortunately, we regret to inform you that we will be publishing our bulletin on a seasonal basis from now on, meaning that the next issue of Skinners' Bulletin will be released in December. On the bright side, we will be showcasing more stats, more skins, and of course, more news & tips, all of which will be compiled from the past three months.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We're sincerely sorry about the unexpected delay on our side, but nonetheless, we're here and thrilled to bring you the loveliest skins of the month. Unfortunately, we regret to inform you that we will be publishing our bulletin on a seasonal basis from now on, meaning that the next issue of Skinners' Bulletin will be released in December. On the bright side, we will be showcasing more stats, more skins, and of course, more news & tips, all of which will be compiled from the past three months.
```

---
layout: post
title: "Skinners' Bulletin: August 2021"
date: 2021-11-04 11:00:00 +0000
---

> Better late than never! The second issue of the Skinners' Bulletin is finally in your mailbox. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Better late than never! The second issue of the Skinners' Bulletin has finally arrived in your mailbox. 
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/skinners-bulletin.png)

> Welcome to the Skinners' Bulletin! If this is your first time reading one of these articles, we essentially pick through some helpful statistics and standout creations from the osu! skinning community to help bring some amazing creators into the spotlight. If you're a fan of customizing your osu! experience with only the best and brightest skins available, look no further!

Reviewer 2: in my other review, i put everything to uk spelling for consistency because it was way too random before

```suggestion
Welcome to the Skinners' Bulletin! If this is your first time reading one of these articles, we essentially pick through some helpful statistics and standout creations from the osu! skinning community to help bring some amazing creators into the spotlight. If you're a fan of customising your osu! experience with only the best and brightest skins available, look no further!
```

Moving onto the gameplay interface, we see every aspect of the main menu reflected beautifully here too. However, this time gear wheels dominate the screen as if we are inside a typical clock. One of the most fabulous parts of the gameplay section is undoubtedly the pause menu, where menu options surround a cracked piece of clockwork, and the fail menu, a copy of the pause menu but with more cracks. The section pass/fail displays are another aspect of the skin dominated by gear wheels and Kronii herself, in addition to the skip button, which is centralised, making it look even more remarkable.

In short, we highly recommend you take this *timeless* creation on a test ride! Thanks to the showcase video below, time constraints are no longer an issue:

<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/NvVeoYrZMUo" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

---

And with that, it is time to conclude this issue of our bulletin! We're sincerely sorry about the unexpected delay on our side.

> We'll be moving things to a seasonal schedule from now on, meaning that the next issue of Skinners' Bulletin will be released in December. This will mean more stats, more skins, news and tips for you in neat three month blocks, so make sure to catch us then.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We'll be moving things to a seasonal schedule from now on, meaning that the next issue of Skinners' Bulletin will be released in December. This will mean more stats, more skins, news and tips for you in neat three-month blocks, so make sure to catch us then.
```

Moving onto the gameplay interface, we see every aspect of the main menu reflected beautifully here too. However, this time gear wheels dominate the screen as if we are inside a typical clock. One of the most fabulous parts of the gameplay section is undoubtedly the pause menu, where menu options surround a cracked piece of clockwork, and the fail menu, a copy of the pause menu but with more cracks. The section pass/fail displays are another aspect of the skin dominated by gear wheels and Kronii herself, in addition to the skip button, which is centralised, making it look even more remarkable.

In short, we highly recommend you take this *timeless* creation on a test ride! Thanks to the showcase video below, time constraints are no longer an issue:

<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/NvVeoYrZMUo" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

---

And with that, it is time to conclude this issue of our bulletin!

> We're sincerely sorry about the unexpected delay on our side, but nonetheless, we're here and thrilled to bring you the loveliest skins of the month. Unfortunately, we regret to inform you that we will be publishing our bulletin on a seasonal basis from now on, meaning that the next issue of Skinners' Bulletin will be released in December. On the bright side, we will be showcasing more stats, more skins, and of course, more news & tips, all of which will be compiled from the past three months.

Reviewer 3: This paragraph has like, way too many ups and downs. I don't think the initial apology is necessary. Just leave it at saying that due to time/content/whatever constraints the posts will be quarterly (makes more sense than "seasonal").

Author: It appears that you've reviewed the outdated version of the document. Eph has already edited the paragraph the way you suggested.
